Young master, it's time for breakfast.
How to be the secretary of my life
It's not bad.
Lin Yue likes the current life very much.
Thank you, Master.
Really understand the story.
The rice is not good.
Li Ming Hao went to see it again
Force her to marry him.
Li Minh Hao is eating the honey of ambitious press
Li family is about to run out and steal my wife
Ha ha go
Go and have a look.
Qin Fengming Li family and Su family have cooperated
Even if you have the ability.
Your house of Qin will also be destroyed.
Haha, sit down.
Ha ha ha ha
Your young master is so hospitable.
Why give so many gifts?
Is that so? Your marriage to Thu Vu
I promise, hahaha, thank you for your success.
I disagree.
Thu Vu don't play anymore
Master Li for you well
Since he lost me to Fengming
I have nothing to do with him.
Even if you want to get married.
I also want to marry Qin Feng Ming